So let's head on to dividing values.
Now of course still, just for completeness sake, you get this syntax to quickly do some divisions
here and therefore you get back 6 because I'm dividing 12 by 2 and just use the shorthand syntax
here.
So I'll get rid of this,
just wanted to show that it's there
and now let's check what we can divide and where we can't.
If I turn two into a string, so b is now referring to a string
and if I hit run, I still get 6 because again, Javascript is not able to create strings out of that,
that only works for addition.
Therefore it tries to turn this into a number which it successfully can do for 2
which is why we get back 6.
Now what happens if I have 3.3 and 2.2?
Well let's run this
and again, we get this floating point error here,
so that's really annoying.
Of course we still can use our fix from before, by adding toFixed with two decimal places,
we make sure that we cut off everything we don't need
and that we round this
and now we got 1.5. By the way if I turned this to three decimal places, I of course get three decimal places
here but I'm still getting the correct value, so it gets rounded and then cut off,
that's important to understand.
We also got another operation.
If I have 10 and 3 and I divide this, I of course get this value.
Now we also got the modulus,
so if I use this with the percentage sign, what do you think we'll get
now? I get one because modulus gives me the rest of a division,
so 10 divided by 3 is of course three point something
but the basic thing is three fits into ten three times
and then we have a value of nine because 3*3 is 9,
so the remaining value which was not able to be divided is 1
and that's exactly what the modulus is returning us here.
The remaining value which wasn't able to be divided by three here
but back to the division, there are some interesting cases.
What if I divide by zero?
What do you think we'll get,
will we get an error?
We get infinity.
So when we try to divide by zero, Javascript will not throw us an error,
instead it will give us the limit value,
so what this value would approach to if we had a number very tiny close to zero, which would
be infinity because ten divided by something extremely small is something extremely big, base mathematics
here,
right?
So we get infinity in this case, which is interesting in my opinion.
Of course when multiplying with zero, we get zero,
so no worries there.
So if we get infinity by dividing through zero, what do we get
if I divide by infinity? What do you think we'll get here? Well we get zero,
again the limit value. We're trying to divide something by something extremely big and the limit of
this of course is zero
and that's interesting in my opinion, how Javascript works with this and automatically gives us back these
values instead of errors or something like this.